Tools Recipes (#23)
godot-rust/gdext-book: src/recipes/custom-resources.md

<!--
  ~ Copyright (c) godot-rust; Bromeon and contributors.
  ~ This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
  ~ License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
  ~ file, You can obtain one at https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
-->

# Custom Resources

> Custom `Resource`s are exposed for the end user to use within their development, but cannot provide any functionality automatically.
> For example, you can create a custom `AudioStream` type that handles a new and interesting audio file type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom `Resource`s are exposed to the end user to use within their development, but cannot provide any functionality automatically.
For example, you can create a custom `AudioStream` type that handles a new and interesting audio file type.
```

Also, can you reword the "cannot provide any functionality" part? It's not clear what this means. I would just describe the purpose of custom resources, not what they _can't_ do.

Author: I can do that. I'll make the commit change manually as well so this suggestion doesn't disappear for me

## Registering a `Resource`

This workflow is similar to the [Hello World example][hello]:

```rust
#[derive(GodotClass)]
#[class(tool, init, base=Resource)]
struct ResourceType {
    #[base]
    base: Base<Resource>,
}
```

> It is important to note that similar to defining custom resources in GDScript, marking this class as a "tool class"
> is required for expected functionality.

Reviewer: Avoid redundant phrases and vague descriptions:

```suggestion
It is important that similar to defining custom resources in GDScript, marking this class as a "tool class"
is required to be usable within the editor.
```

> The above resource does not export any variables. While not all `Resource`s will require exported variables, most do.

Reviewer: Be consistent with using either symbol notation or noun -- the preceding sentence uses "resource", so that's fine here, too. Also, I would omit "will".
```suggestion
The above resource does not export any variables. While not all resources require exported variables, most do.
```
